Add note on Jinja2 zero-padded integers (#467)
cylc/cylc-doc: src/7-to-8/major-changes/python-2-3.rst

   {% else -%}
       {% from "cylc" import LOG -%}
   {% endif -%}

   {% do LOG.debug("Hello World!") %}

Integers with leading zeros
---------------------------

> A change in the version of Jinja2 used by Cylc means that integers that appear
> in Jinja2 expressions can no longer have any zeros at the start. You may see
> an error along the lines of ``Jinja2Error: expected token 'x', got 'integer'``.

Reviewer: Could be more concise.

```suggestion
In recent versions of Jinja2, integers with leading zeros are illegal and generate 
errors like ``Jinja2Error: expected token 'x', got 'integer'``.
```
